c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.exe.config
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.exe
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.pdb
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.g.resources
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.exe
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.pdb
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\Window1.g.cs
c:\users\halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\Window1.baml
C:\Users\Halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\AnaSayfa.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\AnaSayfa.baml
C:\Users\Halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\AllincomeWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\AllincomeWindow.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EPPlus.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EPPlus.xml
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\GiderWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\GiderWindow.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\Window2.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\Window2.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Halit\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.exe.config
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.exe
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.pdb
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EPPlus.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\Geckofx-Core.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\Geckofx-Winforms.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\EPPlus.xml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\Geckofx-Core.pdb
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\Geckofx-Winforms.pdb
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\AllincomeWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\AnaSayfa.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\BrowserWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\GiderWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\Window1.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\Window2.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\AllincomeWindow.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\AnaSayfa.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\BrowserWindow.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\GiderWindow.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\Window1.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\Window2.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\Business\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.g.resources
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.exe
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\EBudgetPlaning.pdb
C:\Users\Halit\Desktop\BitirmeProjesi\EBudgetPlaning\EBudgetPlaning\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
